Stackube Release Note
=====================================

=========
1.0 Beta
=========

=========
Prelude
=========

This is the 1.0 Beta release of Stackube: a secure, multi-tenant and 
Kubernetes centric OpenStack distribution.

=========
New Features
=========

1. Implemented a auth controller watches on tenant/networks/namespaces 
change and setups RBAC roles for tenant. This is how we match Kubernetes 
authorization control with OpenStack tenant by: tenant namespace 1:1 
mapping. Controller is implemented by using CRD of Kubernetes.

2. Implemented a network controller watches on networks/namespaces change 
and operates OpenStack network based on network namespace 1:1 mapping. This 
is how to define Kubernetes multi-tenant network by using Neutron. 
Controller is implemented by using CRD of Kubernetes.

3. Implemented a CNI plug-in which name is kubestack. This is a CNI plug-in 
for Neutron and work with the network controller model mentioned above. When 
network of Neutron is ready, kubestack will be responsible to configure Pods 
to use this network by following standard CNI workflow.

4. Implemented stackube-proxy to replace default kube-proxy in Kubernetes so 
that proxy will be aware of multi-tenant network.

5. Implemented stackube DNS add-on to replace default kube-dns in Kubernetes 
so that DNS server will be aware of multi-tenant network.

6. Integrated cinder-flexvolume of kubernetes/frakti project so that hypervisor based container runtime (runV) in Stackube can mount Cinder volume (RBD) directly to VM-based Pod. This will bring better performance to 
user.

7. Improved stackube-proxy so that Neutron LBaaS based service can be used 
in Stackube when LoadBalancer type service is created in Kubernetes.

8. Created Docker images for all add-on and plug-in above so they can be 
deployed in Stackube by one command.

9. Add deployment documentation for Stackube which will install Kubernetes + 
mixed container runtime + CNI + volume plugin + standalone OpenStack components.


=========
Known Issues
=========

None

=========
Upgrade Notes
=========

None

=========
Deprecation Notes
=========

None

=========
Bug Fixes
=========

1. Fixed CNI network namespace is not cleaned properly

=========
Other Notes
=========

This is the 1.0 Beta release of Stackube, reporting bugs in https://
bugs.launchpad.net/stackube during you exploration is highly appreciated!
